1. Write a C++ program to create a class called Person that has private member variables for name, age and country. Implement member functions to set and get the values of these variables.
2. Create a class called Box that contains one public function (print_volume) and three public variables (height and length and width). Declare the height, length and width as integer value. Use public function print_volume () to calculate the volume of a box and display the volume.
3. Create a class called person that maintains a register. In the register, it contains name and address and blood group, date of birth and an identification number. Store the name, address and blood group as string and the identification number as an integer value. Use two public functions contain () to store the name, address, date of birth, blood group and identification number. And another public function display () will display the information.
4. Create a class called card that maintains a library card catalog entry. In the card, it will store a book’s title, author and number of copies on hand. Store the title, author as string and the number of books on hand as an integer value. Use two public functions store () to store the title, author and number of books on hand. And another public function display () will display the information.
5. Simple class program to find prime number using class prime. And take the input value as a private member and declare two public member function get_input() to get the input from user. And another function is calculate () to calculate the input is prime or not and display it using calculate () function.
6. Class name will be student that have two private type data (id &amp; CGPA). Input this for 30 students. Now find the maximum, average and minimum CGPA with help of three different member functions.
7. A class has two string type private variables (first_name &amp; last_name). Now access these with help of a friend function and print the full name by a single string.
